initial drafts for speakers (#66)
ournetworks/2019: sessions/submission-acceptance-form.md

# Confirm Participation 

In order to confirm your participation in Our Networks 2019, please complete the below form by Monday July 29, 2019 (note: we use formspree.io to send responses).

# Participation *

- [ ] I/we will be presenting
- [ ] I/we can no longer present

# Session

[dropdown?]

- [ ] I have reviewed the description in GitHub

# Presenter Details 

Please confirm attendance and pronunciation

Pronunciation: 
Preferred pronouns:

# Recording

> - [ ] The presentation can be livestreamed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The presentation can be live streamed
```

- [ ] The presentation can be recorded and posted on the Our Networks website

You can see an example of the previous recorded talks at: https://ournetworks.ca/recorded-talks/

> If you have any questions or concerns about recording and livestreaming contact us: orga@ournetworks.ca

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions or concerns about recording and live streaming contact us: orga@ournetworks.ca
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Add line about option to withdraw consent after talk is recorded and before publishing.

Author: added
